Please click on this button here called outputs for Step number three and everything we did the last
lecture will be fed directly into here.
And so this is what the executive summary part of your business plan is going to look like.
Ok so I just want to kind of show you what it looks like here.
In case you want to go back and make a couple of changes.
OK.
And a lot of what you typed will show up here if you're typing it obviously it doesn't always show up
and see there's there's little gaps you like John Smith which is the name of the founder I guess I put
in for sample data for your company founded the company in.
And then the year we put in that sort of thing.
And if you haven't answered all the questions in the previous steps you may have to go back and actually
do that in order for this to be populated if you have answered all the questions and you're doing the
course in order which I strongly recommend.
And this will be automatically populated and you'll see here that the executive summary pulls in everything
I've written came directly into here including a little footnote.
See that and that's for the size the total addressable market.
So all these things we wrote about are automatically pulled in here.
You don't really have to know about this but it's fun for me to show you this is just the the formula
behind it.
There's no coding this entire spreadsheet no macros just a bunch of fun formulas.
OK great.
So now here I've got the target customer and it just tells you here what the paragraph's cover.
In general what makes a fantastic executive summary.
Okay.
And then here I've got just what we wrote about management team and then board and advisors.
And if you don't have board people from board the board the board members or advisors whatever you can
always click here to turn it off.
Know that turned off pretty cool.
And that will filter all the way through to our final output in the final output of every single page
that's going to go to our business plan.
But for now we're just looking here to see how it looks for us and if we're happy with what we wrote
You can always compare what you wrote to what I wrote but don't don't.
Please don't assume that this is gospel or this is you know a hundred percent right as every business
model is different and stylistically we all have a different way of writing it.
And if when it comes to grammar and spelling or because when we put this stuff in the Microsoft Word
later.
Like for example here with business plan template one which is just one sample out of 50.
But when we do that we'll be able to spell check here and grammar check and all that stuff and.
And I'll guide you through every step of the way and here's the footnote that automatically get put
here.
Here's the problem the market solution.
When you see how it pulls in a lot of the stuff automatically.
So the problem with and then simple industry and simple problem and yours will be shown as your industry
and your problem.
All right.
And then you can turn off the milestone that we enter in here because a lot of people that are writing
business plans and taking this course have not started the company yet but some have.
So you can click this to turn it off and this will be turned off automatically as well when we do our
final output which port will we will port into Microsoft Word and cap and then here is just just paste
your product into here if you want just to visualize what the section will look like.
And if you don't have the product image yet you're getting it made.
You can always you know go here and then red flag it and then come back to it later.
OK so let's just say for fun that we want to do this we can flag it for later you just click this and
go come back to question and automatically add a red flag.
Not just here but also up in the menu here.
OK so we've got two flags now to come back to later and you can even write down document Y or Excel
or whatever you want here and this is an optional text field here.
Say I am getting a fiver.
Whoops.
I'm getting fiver
to do this.
Sorry.
The older I get the better I was I don't type as well as they used to.
All right great and we go back here to outposts wants and you can click the button if you want as well.
And we can turn project image off.
So if you have a service in your home that product image or you want to show a service diagram you can
click that and it'll be gone.
OK.
And then here if you want you can.
I mean this here you can click to go back where you paste in the product image so it'll take us directly
that field so click there automatically just a hyperlink right.
We'll jump back right to here where the product images if applicable at all.
OK let's go back to see if I'm missing anything at all.
And you can always minimize it's a bit slower.
It takes a couple of seconds to minimize that but you can do it if you want more real stay here and
screen I'll do it and I'll show you it looks like your takes a couple of seconds.
I leave them all open just to speed up how fast things go.
But there you go it wasn't about right.
OK.
And when we when we minimized the top toolbar to get more real estate here we can see and if you entered
in your name in the settings button earlier in the course you name the list of he'll say awesome job
John or Sally or whatever.
And then if you'd entered in who is going to be assigned to a certain step it'll show up here if you
don't see that that's OK don't worry about it because you didn't enter in somebody is going to be doing
this step here.
And I created this here so you can always click here to go back home.
If you're lost and you forget to make that bigger that sort of thing so it'll look like this you know
it goes back to your home screen and you'll notice that now that we're on the home screen you'll notice
that a lot of the stuff that you put in the first couple of steps will appear down here as you scroll
down.
You can always click on the button so the side to go to the point in the course where you enter that.
So for example here and this is just sample data.
There's no company name that's been entered in yet.
That's why it's blank there.
OK.
But to end on yours you will see a company name is different but you can always click here to go back
to change the name of your company or wherever it was in the course you click there.
It's going to go to that field there.
See your company name which is because the shade of green in this tab here.
OK.
Let's go back to executive summary and you can always click here if you just want a quick little refresher
on on how to complete a certain section I did a lot of fun making this.
OK.
And I think we're done.
Yeah I think we're done with this.
You have any questions about about this please let me know.
And just as a little side note and I mention this earlier but I really want to help and I want to offer
my humble thoughts and feedback to make your business more successful and as such I have a weekly YouTube
webcast call which is a minimum of a couple of hours and it never ends.
All the questions are asked why you do this every single Thursday for ever.
You can always click on this button to get details on the call or to watch webcast previous recording
of all them.
And as I mentioned before you can click here to learn a little bit more about these great entrepreneurs
had a big influence on me in my life.
OK so we're now 21 percent done that got up to there.
OK great.
I will see you in.
Step forward we talk about the inputs for management.
This is the section.
Give me a lot of fun.
Thanks.